alright guys the holidays are upon us
and we are throwing a party today we're
making a centerpiece that won't break
your budget and will last you for the
entire holiday season all right we're
going to start with how to make our foe
copper gutter using a gutter for the
centerpiece is very economical it lets
you create a really long and dramatic
arrangement it's also low enough that
you can see over it you know if you have
some ones in your foster me at the
dinner table I bought a six dollar piece
of white aluminum gutter and used tin
snips to cut it to size and then I just
hammered on these in caps went on each
side after that I spray painted the
whole thing with some metallic copper
spray paint to give it that copper look
without paying that copper money so once
you have your gutter prepped and ready
you're ready to pick out the plants for
your arrangement I picked lo plants that
are Hardy and you know in our color
palette for our party so we're going to
start with our lemon button fern this is
going to be the highest thing in our
centerpiece we're also using these
rabbits foot ferns these are you know
just a different texture and they have
these little woolly rabbits eat and hang
over the side of the pot for color I
bought some of this flowering kale but
it's got a really pretty dusky plumbing
color
and then we also have some assorted
succulents I'm just going to fill in
with succulents and we have some of
these beautiful air plants they're
really kind of wild and textural and
they'll hang over the sides of our
gutter these are kind of like the king
of all air plants
so now I'm just going to cut some of
these bigger heads of the slow show off
this is a dried flower so again it will
last you you know you don't have to
worry about I'm having to replace it
after a couple of days and you don't
have to worry about water
alright in our last step is to take some
of this decorative moss and tuck it in
to cover up the different planters and
everything just kind of give it a nice
lick finished look
okay i think that is ready to be put on
our party table let's take it inside i
spent the day in the shade of a tree
thinking how we best spin this precious
time we think